README.md, before:

# Hello there <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/artemisfowl/artemisfowl/master/assets/gifs/wave.gif" width="30px">

My name is Sayantan Bhattacharya. I'm a solution architect from India. You can find me on [![Twitter][1.2]][1].

## 🔧 Technologies & Tools
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-Linux-informational?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Editor-Vim-informational?style=flat&logo=vim&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-C-informational?style=flat&logo=c&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)

<!-- icons without padding -->
[1.2]: http://i.imgur.com/wWzX9uB.png

<!-- links to your social media accounts -->
[1]: https://twitter.com/krat0soverdrive

<!--👋 -->

<!--
**artemisfowl/artemisfowl** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Refactoring welcome message and personal information

README.md, after:

# Hello there <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/artemisfowl/artemisfowl/master/assets/gifs/wave.gif" width="30px">

Welcome to my GHub profile. I am a simple engineer who likes to tinker with electronics as well as programming. For the people who know me professionally, I am a developer, but when I am not in
office, I prefer to program on various languages in different fields, whichever fancies my attention. That being said, I love programming in C and C++(primarily) and also dabble in Python. Currently
I am learning JS and React for fun. You can find me on [![Twitter][1.2]][1].

## 🔧 Technologies & Tools
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-Linux-informational?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Editor-Vim-informational?style=flat&logo=vim&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-C-informational?style=flat&logo=c&logoColor=white&color=2bbc8a)

<!-- icons without padding -->
[1.2]: http://i.imgur.com/wWzX9uB.png

<!-- links to your social media accounts -->
[1]: https://twitter.com/krat0soverdrive

<!--
**artemisfowl/artemisfowl** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
